Hi, I 'm Benavidez, and this is a
advice over practical natural cooking
this time we are going to do some
oatmeal cookies for christening or baby
shower
at a time when you can live with
your family
you can put certain other children the
you can ask them to help you
some things we have the oven
preheated to 180 degrees obviously to
children are not going to involve them in
process of the oven but they can help you
we have this several ingredients that you
they can go by what they can do
balls of
and cookie before cooking and at the end
they can also since once they are
made them put them in bags
bows in the end this is advice for you
you live with your family at that time
so cute that you're waiting for your baby or
that you just had the ingredients
for our cookies are 125 grams of
butter 125 grams of brown sugar 125
grams of white sugar
150 grams of oatmeal 1 egg a pinch of
baking a pinch of salt
50 grams of flour nut are going to be 90
90 grams the flour we are going to make it
at the time of incorporating it into the bowl
The first thing we are going to do is beat the
butter with sugar
or
we incorporate the white sugar
we are going to incorporate at this moment the
egg
and once these elements are incorporated
the sugar and the butter we are going to put
the sifted flour
along with the pinch of bicarbonate and the
pinch of salt
perfect now we also incorporate the
oats
and the times
this will be incorporated with one with one
shovel a spatula what you have already what
we will use the blender
once we have the prepared dough
We will use a tray for
bake or in this case a bayrex we put
waxed paper and I'm going to put a little
of butter the waxed paper for
that the cookies do not stick
since we have this we can move on to
make the balls these balls are going to
grow then I suggest that so
least between cookies and cookies
is a centimeter or so is a few
balls of this size approximately
this put them doing the children
love to put your hands to the dough
as I mentioned to you at the beginning we already have
the oven preheated to 180 degrees and a
Once you get it, it's very easy.
only 15 minutes
and we put cookies in the oven 15
minutes
ah
and after 15 minutes we take out
our cookies
and we hope they cool to dismantle it
if we have ready to our dessert or
souvenir for baptism or baby shower
I am Benavides level and remember that we are
what we eat